discord communities as well as GTAForums.
This document was made possible by
with help from the extended mapping and r/GTA6
To clarify, we do not hate Take Two nor Rockstar, the leaks were a terrible thing that should never have happened and we stand with those  
that were most affected by this leak, the Rockstar employees. We know just how special the game is to them and to have the big surprise  
ruined by such an incident was as disappointing to the fans as much as it was to the developers.  
 
Still, us fans loved to dissect every information we could get out of the footage and to compile them into one large PDF.

What was leaked?
1
 • 90 video clips spanning from less than 10 seconds to more than 3 minutes.  
   Dates of recording span from March 2021 to September 2022. 
 
• 2 screenshots of PDF Americas appearing to be related to camera controls   
   and build previews for developers. 
 
 • Python Code (see “The Python Leak” in table of contents). 
 
 • “GameHeaders_Tasks” C++ code, also known as “vi_code” from  
   the original leaked source. Contains information about various  
 
 
 • Vehicle handling data from GTA V’s source code.
   game tasks for the AI, and specifically refers to GTA V code.
RAGE [Engine] Notes
Tweaked Euphoria can be seen when enemies fall or the player  
jumps down and ragdolls. 
 
Lighting and Skybox (Volumetric clouds) systems from RDR2 are present. 
 
Heavy fog - Americas 2022-04-06 15-55-26 
             During this video of Lucia in a shootout with the police, a lot of fog is visible. 
 
             Whilst fog was in GTA V, it wasn't as much as the amount seen in this video where  
             you can barely see anything a couple of meters in front of you. 
 
Some leaked clips use low detail models for characters [low_int] 
 
Character labels in the debug are numbered based on the stage of the story. 
 
Every World Event has a certain number of rules the player needs to fulfill in  
order for an event to actually be triggered (NotPassing for Events that don't  
have the sufficient number of conditions met by the playable character and  
Passing when all the conditions are met). Some of these rules are:  
isPlayableCharacter (PlayerLucia or PlayerJason), isWantedRule etc. 
The green dots on the right side of each World Event show the conditions that are met.
 •
 •
 •
 •
 •
 •
2
Characters
Lucia
Dre
Sam
Wyman
Kai
Tit
Billy
RB Shaw
Zach
"Break out of the fucking cage."
Friend of Dre and one of the  
nightclub's DJs.  Dre wants to fire him  
because Tit insulted him when Dre 
 didn't brought his drinks.  
Dre tells him that's the reason 
 why no one likes him. 
(New Contact)
(New Contact)
(Protagonist)
Jason
One of the two protagonists  
and the "Clyde" of the Bonnie  
and Clyde esque story in GTA  
VI. We know Jason is in a  
relationship with Lucia as  
evidenced by the diner clip.
(Protagonist)
Mentioned Characters: Vicky, Iris, Shanese, Boobie 
Mission Icons: YJ (Minimap) 
One of the protagonists. 
"Bonnie" of the Bonnie & Clyde 
story. Possibly a hacker 
according to the tools she  
carries (See under "New 
Gameplay Systems"). 
Friend of Boobie. He 
introduces Jason and 
Lucia to him. Also 
according to him, he got 
in touch with a couple of 
artists.
Friend of Dre, he is seen 
having problems with his 
partner at the club
3
Mentioned Characters
Dale
Dale’s Shopwell
Chester
Chester’s Music/Chester Fee Before/Post Blackmail
Iris
Iris Laundry
Danny
Danny Limit Before/Post Blackmail
Universe + Lore References
Jay Norris (Mentioned)
Americas 2022-09-06 17-13-34 
Mention Of Jay Norris From GTA V 
 (This Confirms It Is Set In The Same HD Universe) 
4
About The Protagonists
PLAYER_LUCIA_PLAYER_STORY000_00 
PLAYER_JASON_PLAYER_STORY000_01 
Lucia 5’3 (160cm/1.6m) 
Jason 6’1 (185cm/1.85m
Game debug code:
Protagonist heights:
Far Right Militia is another name given to a  
group in the event list. It is unknown if they  
will be an active gang or just a group you  
see when exploring, similar to the Klan in RDR2.
Gangs
• San 4 San [Haitian Gang] 
• Guardia Brothers
We have two protagonists in GTA VI — Jason and Lucia. They seem to be in a  
relationship judging by several clips. This lines up with what Jason Schreier 
reported about GTA VI having a “Bonnie and Clyde” style protagonists.  
Disclaimer: "Bonnie and Clyde" is just a key term used by Jason Schreier.  
This does not at all mean that GTA VI's story will be totally inspired by it,  
let alone have the same ending as the real Bonnie and Clyde did. 
Schreier probably just used the term cause everyone knows them and  
it made it clear that Jason and Lucia are a criminal couple. Besides that they  
don't have to have any similarities with Bonnie and Clyde.
5
Auto Dialer
Automatic calls  
for fraud/technical 
Painkillers
Food And Drink 
(Recovery items)
Immobilizer Bypass
Trauma Kits
USB Drive
Crowbar
Torch / Flashlight
Tracker Jammer 
Binoculars
Pool Cue
Golf Putter
Cut Off Tool
Golf Driver
Golf Iron/Gold
Golf Wedge
Slim Jim
Duffle Bag (Loot)
Backpack (Loot)
Hacking the immobilizer using  
the PDA by matching the code (for luxury vehicles). 
As seen in GTA:CW for luxury car theft 
 
Tracker Jammer Device used to prevent 
 GPS tracking devices from receiving or 
 transmitting signals. It may be used in the game 
 to prevent the police from finding you. 
 
Unlocking car doors. It can’t open newer cars 
 with internal defenses such as barrier blocks 
and shrouds for operating rods and lock cylinders,  
so it may be used only for older ones. 
Items and Tools
Disclaimer: None of these icons are from the leaks
Cigarettes  
6
Weapons
Rocket Launcher
Assault Rifle
(M16, AK47)
Baseball Bat
Polymer Pistol
Knife
Bolt Action Sniper
Molotov / Fire Bottle
Speargun
Grenade Smoke 
Compact SMG
Micro SMG
Flashbang
Hunter Sniper
Heavy Machine Gun
Auto Rifle (Carbine)
Pump Action Shotgun
7
Weapon Wheel
The Weapon Wheel is seen in the following clips:
Quick Item Inventory
The following images are recreations and not taken directly from the leaked footage.
All Versions of The Weapon Wheel System
Americas 2022-06-01 17-16-15
Americas 2022-06-01 17-16-15
Americas_1 2021-09-10 16-37-50
Americas 2022-01-20 11-18-26
Americas 2022-01-20 11-18-26
Americas 2021-06-22 20-24-48 - This weapon wheel is split into three sections:  
Weapons, Equipment and Gear. This looks to be similar to the different sections of the  
weapon wheel in RDR2 (Weapons, Items and Horse). And it looks like the amount of  
Weapons you can hold is pretty large.
Americas_1 2021-09-10 16-37-50 - Almost Identical to the one mentioned above.
Americas 2022-06-01 17-16-15 - The latest one. It seems you cannot hold different weapons in  
each hand anymore and the quick inventory has been moved to the center left. The amount  
of weapons you can hold is still limited.
Americas_1 2022-08-10 12-27-03 - In this video Where you can see an enemy NPC shooting at Jason,  
and right after Jason was low on health, a tip appears on the top-left side of the screen,  
and you can see written: You are injured. Your Health will regenerate slowly, open your  
Weapon Wheel and use a recovery item to replenish your Health faster.
Americas 2022-01-20 11-18-26 - It seems this one is different. You can hold different weapons  
in each hand and there's an additional quick item inventory at the bottom left. This inventory  
can be used for consuming items such as trauma kits, pills, cigarettes, and potentially food.  
The amount of weapons you can carry is limited.
The option to hold different weapons in each hand can also be seen in Americas_1 2022-08-29 12-44-36 through the debug menu.
8
2
Open World Activities
Enterable Buildings
Van Shipment
In one of the videos (Americas 2022-05-25 13-29-33), you can see the spawning place of a delivery van  
event is near an industrial area of Port Gellhorn. On one of the garages from this zone, you can see a  
warning poster about security cameras being operated in the area, so you probably need to be careful to  
not be spotted while trying to rob one of the vans.
Malibu Club
Pawn Shop
Jack Of Hearts Strip Club
Supermarkets
Bars
Restaurants
Apartments [From a set of interiors]
(seen in Americas_1 2022-08-02 20-20-00)
Laundries (?)
A big feature of GTA VI will be the number of enterable buildings  
on offer. This will directly link with theft and robbery, some of the  
main elements of the game’s core gameplay. As well as the significant  
interiors listed below, spotted in the leaked footage is a vast array of  
interiors at generic locations such as gas stations, pawn shops,  
and restaurants.
Americas_1 2022-08-29 12-44-36: From this, it can be said that there  
are at least 157 interiors in GTA VI, and counting.  
Game debug code:  
Creator Name: pedpopulation.cpp (3032):  
CPedPopulation::AddPed(CScenarioSpawnHelper)  
Interior:157/ss15lok_1_gfa_bespoke Room:1/room-Main
Deliveries 
- GET_SLTH - Delivery event 
 
There are also Events for Port Gellhorn called Delivery/Pickup Warehouse. 
Robberies 
Videos like the Hank’s Waffles robbery video and Jason entering in a pawn shop activating his ability  
also suggest that robberies will be more expansive and available at more places around the map,  
including cargo containers only for Jason(?). 
 
There are also Events for finding something or nothing in vehicle trunks and also in food stores.
Dice*
Golf
Races
Fishing
9
Collectibles
Wyman Car Parts:
Classique Logo
10
Multiplayer
In the bottom left of Americas_1 2022-05-24 17-19-42, “PL: 2/32” one can see 
there are two players in a 30 player lobby. This is because there are two slots  
for spectators, similar to GTAO and RDO. There is also “SH: PR_RSN1” which  
references the script host. After that, there is “GM H: PR_RSN1” which is either  
the session host or game master. 
Collectibles
Collectible Hats:
Hat
11
Brands
New Brands (Not including Vehicles)
Rebrands (Brands From V but Redesigned/Updated Logos)
As is usual with GTA, there is a host of returning brands and business names from prior games and lore. But featured in the leaks are 
 many new brands, such as restaurants, transportation systems and clothes stores. As well as this, there are 
 various returning brand names that have undergone branding updates.
Some of them are seen In GTA Online
• ARCHEZ 
• Bump & Grind 
• Harmon & Fenix 
• Chacey’s 
• Hank’s Waffles 
• MARCO 
• Shorefront 
• Sprunk Light 
• Vice City Metro Mule 
• WhatUp! 
• VCIA (Vice City International Airport) 
• The Rusty Anchor music venue 
• Vice City Mambas 
• Core Software
• Bite 
• Snapmatic 
• Bleeter 
• E-Cola 
• Sprunk
Some of the new Brands
Some of the rebrands
Important to note there are far more than this in game, this is just what we have been able to identify via the leaked video clips.
12
• BurgerShot 
• LifeInvader 
• Taco Bomb 
• Horny’s Burgers 
• LTD Gasoline 
• Pißwasser 
• CNT 
• Household Order Bin Operations (HOBO) 
• Hinterland 
• Val-De-Grâce 
• Chepalle 
• Redwood Cigarettes 
• Device 
• Fleeca 
• Stronzo 
• Farshtunken 
• Shark 
• Limit 
• Want 
• Classique
VICE
CITY
Additional Logos from the Leaks
Returning Brands
13
Animals
Possible Animals
 • Snake (Pythons) 
 • Seagull 
 • Skunk 
 • Raccoon 
 • Alligator 
 • Boar (from events list) 
 • Wading Birds 
 • Squirrel 
 • Southern Leopard Frog 
 • Crayfish 
 • Lizard (Grassrivers placard) 
 • Skunk Ape 
    seen in Americas 2022-04-21 16-26-26* 
 • Pigeons(?) 
 • Opossum Event called Possum - Port Gellhorn 
 • Whales(?)
*On the Grassrivers wildlife placard, there is a silhouette of a bipedal creature,  
seemingly a werewolf with a question mark on it. It is unknown whether this  
is the Skunk Ape or an additional mythical creature.
 • Horse 
 • Cow 
 • Deer 
 • Buck
14
Horse In RDR2
New Additions
These are the new mechanics, gameplay systems and new features that were not present in GTA V. Some of them are from RDR2, 
 while others are entirely new to the series. Keep in mind that these are probably not the only new additions,  
as it’s possible we did not get a look at some more new ones in the leaks.
New Mechanics
 • Ability to go prone
 • Ability to switch shoulders while aiming
 • Grappling During Fist-Fights
 • Buddy Comms
 • Buddy Ping
 • Cover Mode 
 • Shooting from Car Window (Like GTA San Andreas Free Aim While Driving Cheat Code)
 • You can walk while in cover
 • “Loot Bags”
Jason and Lucia both have duffle bags. These can be seen in a couple of videos.  
Also when Jason is opening a shipping container and the options for "stash gold"  
and "stash cash stack" are available, Jason puts the gold and cash into his duffle  
bag - Americas 2021-10-29 20-21-10.
◦
 • Underfire
Covering your face with weapons or bats. Also works while crouching.
◦
 • Downed Self Suicide and Downed Self Revive
Option to revive yourself after a heavy hit to health possibly similar to RDR2  
horse revival - Americas 2022-04-28 13-08-47.
◦
 • Eagle Eye System
Like in RDR2 - it is possibly Jason’s ability, and it's used to highlight items of interest such as  
jewelry, safes, and security cameras.
◦
There is also a mention of an Event called MultiGym.
 • Weight and Muscle System  (Unconfirmed)
Lucia looks thinner around the waist compared to other clips.
◦
In one video where Jason is at the motel pool with Wyman and that other character, he seems  
very muscular and more fit than he does in the footage of him and Lucia walking out of the motel and  
the one with them in the nightclub. In the motel and nightclub video, Jason has a skinnier body tone  
and his muscles don't show as much as they do compared to other scenes.
◦
 • Interaction with objects/people: 
Carry bodies
◦
Rob, threaten, and talk with NPCs during robberies
◦
In Americas_1 2022-05-24 17-19-42 you can see an online avatar carrying a body of another player. Here you can also 
see in the Debug menu written: CARRY SLOT<0>[HUMAN_CHEST] (Americas_1 2022-05-24 17-19-42) 
Beer bottles and cans seen in Americas_1 2022-08-19 14-40-45, pickable car parts box seen in Americas_1 2022-08-24 07-48-28.  
and also pickable hat is seen in Americas_1 2022-08-23 15-56-16. 
*
15
 • Ability to Drop and pick up Weapons - Americas_1 2021-09-10 16-37-50
Pick up items 
◦
New Gameplay Systems
 • Money Laundering - There is an icon present in the Hank's Waffles video that is tracked to the car wash property.  
            The icon is a washing machine with a dollar sign in the center. The universal symbol for money laundering. This is suggestive  
            that properties can be purchased with the intent of laundering money.
 • Purchasable Businesses (likely linked with above laundering)
 • Robberies
 • Fences are in the game. Car Fence (as mentioned under collectables) and Art Fence are both mentioned in the events list.  
   Though it is unclear if they will be called fences in the game. 
 • Hacking - Lucia carries Tracker Jammer, Immobilizer Bypass, USB Drive, Auto Dialer  
   Could be indicate to Tom Henderson’s old leak about the female hacker protagonist.
 • Pragmatic Cool/Chaotic & Romantic Cool/Chaotic are mentioned in the events list.
Radio Song/Riding Pillion - Pragmatic Cool/Chaotic & Romantic Cool/Chaotic
The pillion is a term for the rear passenger seat for women.
◦
 • Command your partner during a robbery
In the Hank's Waffles robbery video you can see a tip which tells you to: check in with Jason, or to hold for more options. This likely means you  
can give your partner commands during a robbery, since also you can also see a prompt to tell Jason to surrender as well as to 
tell him to follow you. 
◦
 • Vehicle Discoveries/Compendium - In Americas 2021-10-29 20-21-10, Jason rides a Maibatsu Sanchez which in the bottom 
    right corner, says that the player has found a new livery for it. 
 • Sharing items
Jason and Lucia can share items between them. For example when Jason is stealing items from the containers he keeps certain items while  
sharing others (Americas 2021-10-29 20-21-10). Shared items seem to be in general weapons that they can't equip or weapons that they  
already have, food and ammo that is not for their weapons or are for weapons owned by both; the tools (for example the Immobiliser  
Bypass and the Auto Dialer for Lucia) and other items are kept by them. In one of the videos with Jason at the Gas Stop  
(Americas 2022-05-03 11-20-11), both Jason and Lucia are shown to have picked up some items, and when it's shown that  
both picked up the same amount of food (4x Soda and 2x Wine for each), they shared half of each consumable  
(4x Soda and 2x Wine).
◦
 • Unlocking Doors/Gates
In one of the videos with Jason in the San4San Hood, where he sneaks in front of the red truck (Americas 2022-02-10 20-25-15),  
you can see a door from an import garage building, in which in its Debug text you can see written: DoorPanel: Locked, same as the garage door.  
Also you can see a gate where it's written: Door: Unlocked. 
◦
 • Witness System and Police Recognition
In the Hank’s Waffle robbery video you can see under the wanted level stars written: Full Description, which implies that the witnesses  
have a full description of you. Once Lucia enters the police vehicle, you can see written: No Vehicle Description which quickly changes  
to: Full Vehicle Description, which suggests that the police have a full description of your vehicle. Also the text prompt on the top-left  
side says: Any vehicle you are seen entering will be known by the Law. 
◦
During the Hank’s Waffles robbery, Jason is seen trying to prevent the customers that have a yellow icon above their head from either  
calling the cops or running away.
◦
You can also see a female NPC inside with a yellow icon above her head, and right after Lucia leaves the diner, her icon begins to flicker, and after Lucia gets close  
to the police car surrounded by cops, the icon turns red, then she leaves the diner and looks at Lucia before running away.
16
New Features
 • You can now surrender to the police during a robbery
in Americas 2021-07-12 12-19-51 Lucia can tell Jason to surrender to the police.
 • You can buy gumballs from gumball machines
Americas_1 2022-07-20 17-59-49.
 • Your character's clothes can become dirty
Suggested by one video with Jason in which you can see his clothes being dirty - Americas_1 2022-09-12 14-42-12.
 • The Hair and Facial Hair Systems.
There are various versions of Jason visible in the leaks, sometimes he has long hair, sometimes short, sometimes stubble and sometimes clean shaven.  
The integrals of this growth, especially with his beard, suggests a hair growth system like RDR2. Or, at the very least, a deeper barber system than V  
that allows for greater fine tuning.
in Americas_1 2022-09-13 16-24-02 Lucia appears to be wearing makeup and also seems to have a different hair color in one of the clips, and her  
hair is also straight compared to her normal curly bonded to a ponytail hairstyle.
 • Eating and drinking from your inventory
When Jason is at the gas station, one Wine, Soda and Fruit can be seen added in the inventory on the top-left side of the screen, which means you  
can eat or drink from your inventory at any time like in RDR2 and GTA Online (Snacks).
 • Smoking
During the testbed clip of the developers testing animations with Jason, (Americas 2022-06-01 17-16-15), you can see in the left side of the weapon  
wheel, an icon which seems to be a cigarette one, indicating that you can smoke.
 • Cop Traps(?)
There are a couple of Events called “Cop Trap” in different locations. There is a chance that you can be ambushed by cops.
They seem to coincide with the Easy Score events. 
Cop Trap - Alley 
Cop Trap - Apartment Complex 
Cop Trap - Bingo 
Cop Trap - Body Shop 
Cop Trap - Bulk Storage 
Cop Trap - Burnout Scooters 
Cop Trap - Cafe Carraway 
Cop Trap - Cash n Carry 
Cop Trap - Closing Store 
Cop Trap - Food Trucks 
Cop Trap - Kington Hotel 
Cop Trap - Massage Parlors
 • Improved A.I System
a. Improved Enemy A.I. -  In one of the videos you can see the enemy A.I. shooting Lucia when she turns around with her back to him 
(Americas 2022-02-07 14-18-40). Also in Americas 2022-07-22 15-33-32, the police A.I. can be seen adjusting his stance depending on  
the height of the object in front of him, and lowering his position when he reloads his weapon, and he also keeps shooting Lucia while  
moving left and right. In other videos like the Hank's Waffles robbery, the police A.I. is also seen raising their guns over higher objects like cars.
b. Improved NPC Behaviour - One of the observed examples would be that A.I no longer walk around as single pedestrians but actually travel  
and converse in groups. This is something that was done in RDR2. In the video where you can see Lucia with a duffle bag on a sidewalk in  
South Beach, three men in tourist attire walk past her while talking to each other. A man also enters the nightclub as Lucia exits the  
establishment. Usually in past GTA games, we enter and exit places without seeing anyone doing the same as us. NPC's are usually there  
at the locations or are set on a strict track outside of a location. Also NPCs can be seen standing and drinking near a bar in South Beach 
Americas_1 2022-04-12 10-28-55. Also in the video with Jason aiming his rifle out of his car window in the  
tennis court (Americas_1 2022-09-01 14-37-21), you can what appears to see some NPCs sitting on the ground, in a another video  
you can see one sitting and smoking with his animation referenced as Sit_Ground_Smoke.
c. Improved Partner A.I. and Player Reactions - It looks as if Lucia isn't following Jason but Dre in the nightclub video  
(Americas 2022-08-03 10-05-49). The A.I. in this case seems smart enough to know where to go without having another controllable  
character as the primary location to track. It seems like there is one video where the locomotion team is testing this mechanic -  
Americas_1 2022-09-12 16-42-30. In the first video mentioned here, Lucia automatically turns around when she gets shot.  
She and Jason also have a specific damage animation that plays when they get shot - Americas 2022-07-22 15-33-32
17
New Features
 • Ability to play without the minimap — On-screen Waypoints and Map Icons mentioned under New Gameplay Systems implies  
   that it is possible. When Jason gets on the bike the minimap appears on the screen - Americas 2021-10-29 20-21-10.
 • New Police System (“Time Until Cops Dispatch” - when committing a crime)
Also in the Hank's Waffles robbery video once the police arrive at the location they wait for the player to come out instead of rushing in.
 • CCTV System (CCTV Detection Meter)
 • Limited Weapon Wheel - With the limited weapon assault, judging by the position of the weapons on the Weapon Wheel,  
    you may carry only one assault weapon on your back, and one handgun or (possibly) a semi-automated gun, and one or  
    two smaller melee weapon like a knife, one or two tools/items like a flashlight as shown in the video, and another slot  
    for holstering your weapon and remaining "unarmed" - Americas 2022-06-01 17-16-15.
Lucia restrains an NPC in the Hank’s Waffles robbery video with what seems to be zipties.
 • Ability to restrain NPCs
 • Loot Vehicles
In the Hank's Waffles robbery video for about a second you can see on the down-right side of the screen a button prompt for: Examine - Stranger SUV
 • Advanced Hijack Cars system - For example, the existence of Immobilizer Bypass tells us that luxury car theft will be harder  
    and the existence of slim jim to unlock older cars. It seems hijacking cars will be harder - there are Events referencing the  
    possibility of even failing to steal a car:
There are also these Events:
a. Steal Car - Full 
b. Steal Car - In Progress 
c. Steal Car Fail
Carjacking - Cat 
Carjacking - Advanced AI
 • More Detailed Car Interiors - Americas 2022-09-13 17-17-43
 • Vehicle Controls (D-PAD left for vehicle controls and right for quick options) - From Hank’s Waffles robbery video.
 • Improved Vehicle Damage and Handling - You can see in the video with Lucia driving Viper on the highway that the car crashes  
    are more impactful, with more parts, like the front fender, splitting apart and the hood bending realistically.  
    You can also see spark particles at the impact with the edge of the bridge (Americas 2022-06-27 14-52-04).
The car handling in the video also seems to be heavier than in GTA V.
 • Car interiors now have working GPS/waypoints in the dashboard while in first-person view.
Worth noticing that the map portion seen on the screen is a placeholder of a GTA V location.
 • Option to enter in the passenger seat - In the video with Lucia entering in a vehicle, she enters only in the passenger seat, implying  
    this is an option. Also in the video with her in the same car pointing her gun behind her, you can see her in the passenger seat. 
18
2
Attention to Detail
 • You can find raccoons rummaging through trash cans and even stealing food bags: 
 
             NIE Raccoon Climb Out Of Garbage 
             NIE Raccoon Rummage Trash 
             NIE Raccoon Steal Food Bag
World  Events
 • In a couple of videos you can see the light shining through Lucia's ear cartilage, a nice returning detail from  
    RDR2 due to subsurface scattering.
 • KneelingDesired is included in the PlayerPed animation set - Americas 2021-11-29 16-23-34, which means that like  
    in RDR2, the player will constantly change their kneel position while crouching.
 • In the video in which Jason picks up the Sanchez from the shipping container, (Americas 2021-10-29 20-21-10)  
    immediately when he gets on the bike, pay attention to his right hand and you will notice that he presses on the  
    brakes first before starting the bike. Plus also pay attention to the movement of the bracelets on his wrist.
 • In one of the videos in Ocean Beach (Americas 2022-07-20 08-34-27) you can see a group taking selfies.
 • In one of the videos that is also close to Ocean Beach with an NPC taking a selfie, (Americas 2021-09-01 14-44-53)  
   you can see that wind behaves pretty realistic compared to other games.
 • In the video with Wyman at the motel pool (Americas 2022-09-06 17-13-34), you can see that the chairs in the  
    pool are destroyed and the water itself is swampy. The Ped Collisions Ruined Clothes event may suggest a more 
    realistic collision system that also affects the NPC/Player clothing.
 • In the video with Jason entering the pawn shop (Americas 2021-12-17 10-31-22), you can notice there are scuff  
   marks on the carpet.
 • In the video where Lucia is driving the vehicle on the highway, (Americas 2022-06-27 14-52-04) you can see that the  
   bridge from where she crashed the vehicle it’s still in construction. 
 • When the cops arrived at the Hank’s Waffles, an NPC said "Jesus, finally". Which means that the NPCs are more aware  
    of the events and situations happening around them
 • NPCs when attacked now run with their phones at hand - Americas_1 2022-04-13 09-08-46
 • The interiors are pretty detailed, for example in the Jack of Hearts nightclub and the Hank's Waffles diner you can see  
   dirtiness on the floor. The diner is also highly detailed with cups placed on and behind the counter, a knives support,  
   soda and coffee machines with coffee pot mugs under them and in other places on the counter, sinks with support for  
   ingredients under them, toppings and essences on the counter, paper towel holders, waffle makers, cleaning bags, etc.  
   You can also see cups on the floor.
There are TVs everywhere in the Jack of Hearts nightclub video with Lucia but they seem to be in DVD Player mode. Bars, nightclubs,  
and general public areas naturally have TV broadcasting news and events. All of these details introduce liveliness to otherwise bland locations.
◦
 • In the video where Jason is on the boat, (Americas 2022-04-12 18-36-00) while he's shooting it you can see the  
   particles floating on the water.
In the same video you can see the lily pads reacting to the waves.
◦
 • In the video with Lucia in the back of the vehicle in the police chase, (Americas_1 2022-08-02 20-20-00) the sheriffs  
   in the passenger seat look out their side windows to check if cars were coming from the left/right.
In the same video you can see some birds standing on the power line.
◦
19
Attention to Detail
 • Jason seems to have a different car entering animation compared to Lucia.  
   (Hank’s Waffles Robbery video - Americas 2021-07-12 12-19-51).
 • Lucia crawls across a passenger seat to get to the driver's seat  
   (Hank’s Waffles Robbery video - Americas 2021-07-12 12-19-51).
 • At the end of the video with Jason aiming his rifle in the tennis court, you can see an NPC on another court  
   preparing to play tennis. - Americas_1 2022-09-01 14-37-21.
 • In the video where Lucia is in a shootout with the cops, (Americas 2022-04-06 15-55-26) two of them get shot and  
   then they struggle to get up, one of them trying to stand up while avoiding putting pressure on the injured part  
   of the body.
The weather in the same clip looks like hurricane season. The fog is really well done to give the illusion of strong winds.
◦
 • Bullets can now scratch through vehicles which also causes sparks (Americas 2022-06-14 19-28-07). 
Sparks can also be seen at the impact the vehicle has with the highway edge - Americas 2022-06-27 14-52-04.
◦
 • You can see dead leaves on the ground in a video with Jason in Rockridge - Americas_1 2022-09-12 14-42-12
Like u/KathodeN said: The leaves on the ground can be textures or scene enhancements that don't happen often around the map,  
and everywhere we can see trees, we'll can also have fallen dead leaves. 
◦
 • The night and the ambience outside benefit from the upgraded lighting. It already feels grounded and realistic  
    with the orange tint on the road, the darkness ahead of it, the really bright spots where lights are and how  
    reflection is handled - This can be seen in Americas 2022-04-06 15-55-26, where Lucia is walking out of the 
    nightclub.  
20
Audio
Sounds
Radio Soundtrack In some of the leaked videos some songs can be heard. However they are just placeholders from GTAV 
 and Online, with exception of Smoke on the Water by Deep Purple. In the Hank’s Waffles diner robbery video the soundtrack used is one that 
 was used in the GTA Online update: Diamond Casino Heist, but with added synths. 
• Americas_1 2022-04-12 10-28-55 
0:33 - Sharivari by The Dirtbombs (Moodymann set from Music Locker Radio)  
  
• Americas_1 2022-08-29 12-44-36 
0:09 - most likely Blown Away by Youth Brigade (Channel X) 
  
• Americas 2021-10-29 20-21-10 
2:20 - Megan Thee Stallion ft DaBaby - Cash Shit (iFruit)  
  
• Americas_1 2021-12-14 19-52-44 
0:28 - Humble Pie - 30 Days In The Hole (LS Rock Radio) 
  
• Americas 2021-03-23 09-58-52 
0:12 - Deep Purple - Smoke on the Water (Not Featured Before) 
  
• Americas 2022-02-10 20-25-15 
0:17 - Little Dragon - Wanderer (The Lab) 
  
• Americas 2021-12-17 10-31-22 
0:10 - Future - Codeine Crazy (Blonded LS)  
  
• Americas_1 2022-08-19 14-40-45 
0:00 - Egyptian Lover - Everything She Wants (iFruit)  
0:22 - ScHoolboy Q - Numb Numb Juice (iFruit) 
  
• Americas_1 2022-07-20 17-59-49 
0:01 - The Ramones - Time Bomb (Kult FM) 
 
• Americas 2022-08-03 10-05-49 
1:18 - DaBaby ft Kevin Gates - POP STAR (iFruit) 
 
• Americas 2022-08-03 10-02-00 
Skepta ft Nafe Smalls - Greaze Mode (iFruit) 
• Weapons sound better and louder than from GTA V. In the Hank’s Waffles robbery clip,  
   we can see Lucia shoot an NPC and the weapon sounds louder and more akin to GTA IV than V.
• In the same clip; Lucia runs to take cover behind a car and bumps onto the vehicle now generates  
   a hit event that is expressed by audio. This happens again when she runs to take cover behind  
   Jason’s car. In previous games, you'd have to attack a vehicle for it to register as a hit event, but  
   this time around you can also bump into it.
• When Lucia shoots the NPC in the same clip, he falls to the floor with a realistic heavy sound.  
   In other games the ragdoll physics doesn't always have a correct sound implementation.
• The opening of car doors seem to sound more real now depending on the vehicle.
• Police sirens echo the scenery realistically.
• The reverb coming from the shipping containers when Jason is opening them sounds about right.
• In the clip where Lucia is standing on Vice Beach, we can hear seagulls and pedestrians  
   talking and shouting.
21
 • Horses (?): 
    In one of the clips with Jason, in the debug menu you can see written  
    INPUT_HORSE_EXIT (and under it you can see INPUT_VEH_EXIT).  
    However this may be leftover RAGE elements from Red Dead Redemption II  
    Americas_1 2022-04-13 17-42-41 
 
 • Metromover(?) 
    In one of the clips with Jason you can see a metromover 
    Americas 2022-05-13 08-48-26
 • Neue Helvetica Paneuropean 67 Condensed Medium is the font used in the game for  
    things like subtitles, tips, interaction menu, button prompts.
 • On the Wyman Car Parts you can see a circle, indicating that all the collectibles and  
    probably other pickable items have a circle icon. It also has a "DYNAMIC" flag on it  
    which indicates it could be movable.
 • In one of the clips where you can see the player with Arthur's hat on his head, you can  
   also see him wearing some cargo shorts with a holster belt - Americas 2022-05-19-15-18-13
 • A cop from one of the videos has his clothing based on the Miami Beach PD   
    - Americas 2022-04-06 15-42-03
 • In Lucia's shootout with the cops in Rockridge, you can see a cop with a bulletproof helmet  
    exiting the car - Americas 2022-04-06 15-55-26
 • When reloading your weapon, the ammo clip seems to stand on the ground for a  
    longer time - Americas 2022-04-12 18-36-00
Transportation
Other Details
Warning: The game is running low on video memory. 
Please close other applications or reduce your 
graphic settings.
The Font That is used in the Leaks, This message also appears in RDR2.
22
 • In the video with the Energy in the Grassrivers placard, if you look to the top right corner  
    of the pyramid diagram you can see a werewolf symbol with a question mark on it with  
    the title: A new alpha, but due to the quality of the video the rest of the text is not clearly  
    visible - Americas_1 2022-08-29 12-44-36
 • In the clip with Lucia in the club, you can see a poster written on it: Sinful Sundays,  
    probably a parody to Babylon Fridays - Americas_1 2022-08-19 14-40-45
 • When stealing the cash stack, Jason and Lucia only pick up the cash one-by-one - seen in  
    Hank’s Waffles robbery video and in the video and when Jason is opening a  
    shipping container. In the same video you can see that there is also an animation 
    for picking up duffle bags -  Americas 2021-10-29 20-21-10
 • Apparently only Jason can play dice as suggested by the isPlayableCharacter parameter  
   on the Playing Dice event.
 • In the video where Lucia can be seen shooting from the back of the truck 
   (Americas_1 2022-08-02 20-20-00), there seem to be a couple of boxes that look like weapons 
   or ammo crates.
Other Details
 • Some stores will not be open 24/7, similar to RDR2. In the video with Lucia entering a  
   Quickshop in Port Gellhorn, you can see that on the front of the door there is a sign that says: . 
   "Sorry! WE'RE CLOSED" - Americas_1 2022-07-20 17-59-49
Fun Fact - this Sign Texture also appears in GTA Vice City: The Definitive Edition
In this same clip there seems to be a collision box for a chips bag outside of the store. Maybe you can buy food manually  
from the store like in RDR2.
◦
Unlike GTA V, where the doors do not really feel attached to anything, in the same clip you can see that the door feels like it's  
unlocked when Lucia enters and exits on it.
◦
 • It appears that a dithering fade effect is in place during the loading of objects into the game  
   world, which help mitigate the sudden appearance of objects and make the transition  
   smoother; it would almost never become jarring as long as they increase its render distance  
   due to a more gradual and seamless introduction of objects as they come into view -  
   Americas 2022-06-17 17-14-50, Americas 2022-07-08 19-10-17, Americas 2022-07-13 16-47-50.
 • Lucia can also drive Jason’s personal vehicle which you can see in the highway video -  
   Americas 2022-06-27 14-52-04
23
 • For the first time in a GTA game there are now two attendants in a single shop.
 • The stores also seem to have more variety than these in GTA V due to the focus on robberies  
    (like Jason's special ability) that seem to be much more unique with the stores.
 • Lucia physically used her hands to close the car door of the police car before opening it  
   (Hank's Waffles robbery video).
Interesting Events
(For these looking directly at the full name of the events: NIE means Non Interactive Event, IE -  
Interactive Event, PGH - Port Gellhorn, SB - South Beach, NM - North Miami, (LO - Lake  
Okeechobee, LIW - Look in Window, VLIW - Look in Vehicle Window, DA - Dead Animal, IPFP -  
Pose for Photos - Speculative)):
Pink highlighted events are those that Lucia meets the isPlayableCharacter - PlayerLucia condition and orange,  
those that Jason meets (PlayerJason). Please note that not all orange or pink events can only be for Jason or Lucia,  
since at the time of development of the videos, some events may have not been made for Jason or Lucia too yet.
Possible Random World Encounters  
(It is possible not all encounters here will be in the final game.) 
(These are chosen encounters from the World Events list that were deemed interesting to be added here.)
Donut Burnout
Tire Swing
Broken Dawn Car Shady North Miami
Parking Dispute
Shocking Event Test
Police Siren Abuse
Broken Down Racer
BMX Hangout 
Motorsport Hangout
DUI Sobriety Test
Stuck Vehicle - Swamp
Vandalism
Airport Drag 
 
ATV Speeders Stunt - 4x4
Shotgun Beers Encounter
Angry Woman: 
Malibu Club 
Vice Beach Plaza
Angry Woman: 
Malibu Club 
Vice Beach Plaza 
Ocean View
Dog Hump Dog
Drug Deal 1, 2 and 3
Self Injury - Pier 
Shotgun Beers Encounter 
Self Injury - Seaview
Cop Arrest Encounter 
 
Cop Patdown  
(Gang Male Found Nothing/Something) 
(Location 2 Found Nothing/Something) 
 
Car Pullover
Bangs On Window:  
- Attack Player 
- Steal Vehicle
Drug Deal: 
Cop Raid 
Rival Gang 
Stuck Up Crew
Bayside: 
Jumper 
Passed Out 
 
Mansion: 
Jumper 
Passed Out
Kidnapped Victim 
(Kidnapping AI)
Protestors
Santeria Sacrifice
Hop Out Attack
Double Cross Bike Accident
Overly Packed Vehicle Crash
Escape Time Traffic
Fleeing Robber
Concussion
Hunting Accident - Both Injured
Coral Farming
High Cashier 247 South Beach 
 
High Cashier 247 Supermarket 
 
High Cashier Dale's Shopwell 
 
High Cashier Quick Stop 
 
High Cashier Uncle Jack's
Tourist Photo Picky (Whale) 
Tourist Photo Jumping (Whale) 
Tourist Photo Female Art (North Miami)
Overpass Idiots: 
Tough (Highway) 
Scared (Highway) 
 
Tough (Bridge) 
Scared (Bridge)
Everglades Fracking
Elderly Favor Hungry: North Miami 
South Miami
Mugger: 
 
Keys - Gas Station 
Keys - Convenience Store 
La Perle - Jewelry 
South Beach - Iguana/Happy Juice 
 
Victim - La Perle (Laundry/Pawn 1, 2, Jewelry) 
Victim - Keys (Gas Station) 
Victim - Keys (Convenience Store) 
Victim - South Beach (Iguana/Happy Juice) 
 
IE Female Thief 
IE Male Thief 
IE Known Thief 
 
 
 
Criminals/Gangs: 
Souvenir Store - Criminal 
 
Dale's Shopwell - Criminal 
 
Bait and Tackle Shop - Gang/Criminal 
 
Pawn Shop - Gang/Criminal 
 
Warehouse Gang
24
Prison Hitchhiker
Threaten In Room 
Threaten On Forecourt
Dealer Robbery
Car Hangouts: 
Port Gellhorn 
Boat Trailer 
Strip Club 
 
Truck Hangout at PGH Food St
GE_STLTH - Base Encounter
Interesting Events
Cop Arrest Encounter
Like in GTA IV maybe you can see the cops arresting certain NPCs.
Dealership Theft
Maybe like in GTA V, Online and IV, where you have to steal certain vehicles for Simeon and Stevie. 
May be linked to the Dealership Repo - #3am events.
Shotgun Beers Encounter
Shotgunning is the act of consuming a beer, or another beverage, very fast by creating a hole in the side of a can and placing your mouth . 
over the hole. When the beer can tab is opened, the beer quickly drains through the hole and can be drunk very fast.
Elderly Favor Hungry - North Miami 
Elderly Favor Hungry - South Miami 
Maybe you can give food or money to homeless people, similar to GTA IV where you can give money to homeless NPCs.
Possible Random Side Mission Encounters:
Spiritual Journey - Port Gellhorn
Lost Boyfriend
Display Data - Port Gellhorn
Lost Bird
Quick Question: 
Time 
TimeRob 
Money 
MoneyLoiter 
Smoke
Beach Bum Preacher   
possible reference to the Beach Bum  
movie which is about a preacher's son.
Watch Geek (First Encounter) 
Watch Geek (Second Encounter)
Naked Rolex
Fearful Animal
Lost Crazy - Woman 
Lost Elderly - Woman
Runway Cow
Aggro Definition Example
Mistaken Valet - W Hotel
Elderly Resident
Fellow Dancer
Lost Property
Dead Husband Disposal
Help Old Artist
25
Interesting Events
Possible In-World Finds
Cars Church 
Trucks Church
Overturned Trucks
Burnt Wreckage
Forest Phone
Hidden Tide Objects: Anchor 
Cannon 
Tank
Swamp Tour Crash
Abandoned Car: 
Pier 
Seaview 
TrainTracks 
TrashPit 
Woods
Wyman Truck
Sand Art
Singing Road
Shark Cage
Register Stone
Missing Person Poster - Liquor 
 
 
Missing Tourists: 
Cave Victims Location 
Closure 
Junkyard Victim Location 
Submerged Car Victim 
Trailer Victim Location 
Trophy Room
Mountain Biker Corpse
Beach Possessions
Broken Bridge
Rum Bottle Shipwreck
UFO Animal/House Pen
Quarry Car Find
DA - Skunk: 
Port Gellhorn Fence 
 
DA - Racoon: 
Port Gellhorn Fence/Bowling
Everglades Plane Crash 
Everglades Plane Crash Yacht Safe
Sunken Airboat 
 
Abandoned Boat
Bus Stop Pineapple
Shoe Tree
Sniped Victim Apartment
Zorbing Accident
Car Flattened By Rock
Signpost
Hidden Tide Objects: Anchor 
Cannon 
Tank 
WW2 Plane
SERA Space Launch Capsule 
SERA Failed Space Launch  
Engine/Fairing/Debris 
SERA Minivan
Orange Fruit Bus Stop
Trains in Forest
Outdoor Movie Screen
Dead Paraglider
Stalled Boat - King Fishers (Cash)
Port Gellhorn Bonfire
Dirty Cop Shakedown  
Location 1 and 2
Partially Submerged Sculptures
King Fishers Cargo
Cargo Containers
Bonnie and Clyde Mystery: 
Barn Find
Lifeguard Tower
King Neptune - Underwater Ruins
Invasive Species Meetup  
Location 1 and 2 
The Burmese python is frequently  
labeled as an “invasive species”  
in the news.
26
Interesting Events
Possible Easter Eggs:
Mummified Old Lady
Haunted Warehouse 
 
Warehouse Sex Robots
Cell Tower Recorded Calls
Skunk Ape
Giant Bird Nest
Mine Shaft Discovery
Dancer Mystery 
Dancer Mystery Stalker
Unique Tombstone
Lighthouse Mystery
Giant Clam
Forest Figure
Voice in the Storm Drain 
(IT reference most likely)
Message in a Bottle
Lost Plane 2 
Lost Plane Memorial
Sand Sphinx
Big Cat Mansion 
Big Cat Cage Roof
Scarface Crime Scene
UFO
Tires in the Ocean  
(Possibly a reference to the  
Osborne Tire Reef from Florida)
27
Interesting Events
Possible Side/Main Mission Events:
MansionSquatter - Investigation 
Rat Infestation 
Music Video
Wyman's Rant 
Wyman Initial Meet
First Visit - Guards
Backseat Criminal
Busted Cheater 
    1. Busted 
    2. Fight 
    3. Just Married
Club Promoter Initial Meeting
Far Right Militia: 
    1. Far Right Militia Training 
    2. Far Right Militia Trucks Only 
    3. Far Right Militia Final Visit
Survival Compound First Visit
Swole Couple Workout Challenge
    First Meeting 
    Second Meeting 
    Third Meeting 
    Forth Meeting 
    Fifth Meeting
Farm Monster Man 
    1.Farm Monster Man First Visit 
    2.Farm Monster Man Chemicals Request 
    3.Farm Monster Man Chemicals Delivery 
    4.Farm Monster Man Transform
This may be a reference to Marvel's Man-Thing. "The Man-Thing is a large, slow-moving, empathic, humanoid swamp monster living in the  
Florida Everglades near a Seminole reservation and the fictional town of Citrusville in Cypress County (fictional location), Florida.
Dealership Repo - #3am - Gym 
Dealership Repo - #3am - Luxury Good 
Dealership Repo - #3am - Ocean Beach
Maybe similar to the dealership repossession missions in GTA Online and GTA V.
Everyday Art
Everyday Art - Bench Shadow 
Everyday Art - Electric Monsters 
Everyday Art - Elephant 
Everyday Art - Frog Flies 
Everyday Art - Helicopter 
Everyday Art - Koala 
Everyday Art - Old Guy 
Everyday Art - Skier 
Everyday Art - Cookie Grab 
Everyday Art - Sidewalk Creep 
Everyday Art - Green Dude 
Everyday Art - Penguin
Senior Vigilante
In general, “senior vigilante” is a movie genre with plots about retired spies or criminals bouncing back.
King Fishers Warning
Bird Cage Clue
Lost at Sea
28
Interesting Events
Other Events:
Sun Lotion (Greet) 
This confirms the Greet/Antagonize options are in the game.
Threaten Pills
IE Booze Purchase
Thrown Out
Argument
Overhear Conversation
Player in Store Start - Pawn Shop 
Player Outside Store Start - Pawn Shop 
Player Inside Store Start - Pawn Shop 
Player Inside Start - Pawn 2 
Player Outside Store - Pawn 2
DrunkBackwardPGFruitStand 
DrunkForwardFarPGFruitStand 
DrunkSmashPGFruitStand
Walk and Talk
Overdose Horn 
Overdose Outside Car 
Overdose Sleeping
Impulsive Crime:
Rob Store 
Steal Vehicle
Tourist To Local
1. Checking out 
2. Experienced Tourist 
3. Full Tourist 
4. Nearly a Local
Broke:
Broke (Quickshop) 
Broke (Supermarket) 
Broke (Keys Liquor Store)
Maybe some events that happen if the player has no money in a store.
Banned:
Supermarket 
Quickshop 
Uncle Jack's Liquor 
The player can become banned from certain stores, this is a consequence mechanic from prior actions. RDR2  
has similar systems in which stores and banks become inaccessible after a shootout.
Lucia's Friends Meet At House 
Lucia's Friends Hang Out 
Lucia's Friends Small Favor 
Lucia's Friends Welcome Party 
Lucia's Friends: Meet Outside (NearB 
Lucia's Friends: Meet Outside (NearK
"Small Favor" may be similar to the item requests from RDR2.
Warm Embrace Stand FM 
Chill Kneel MF and Chill Kneel FM 
Flex Kneel FM 
Fist Bump FM 
Trendy Stand FM 
Trendy Kneel FM 
(FM could mean Female-Male, and MF - Male-Female)
29
Interesting Events
Other Events:
PS - Elaborate Beach Chair Chill / Suave / Elaborate Ledge / Sit Chair Female Trendy / Regular Ground Sit Female
Possible poses for Snapmatic.
NIEPOBSouthBeachBoardwalk01RoadBikes 
NIEPOBSouthBeachBoardwalk02RoadBikes 
NIEPOBSouthBeachBoardwalk03RoadBikes
POB could refer to the Point of Interest Board, which is an object in the game that players can interact with.  
So you can find road bikes across the South Beach's boardwalks and you can also obviously steal them.
NIESAS - PickBoogers 
NIESAS - PickButtLowKey 
NIESAS - PickButtSubtle
(SAS could refer to a game engine or middleware software called "Simple DirectMedia Layer" (SDL) Animation System,  
which is commonly abbreviated as SAS, or Smart AI System: This could refer to a system for creating intelligent and adaptive AI in games)
Passed Test 
Failed Test
Throw and Catch
Watching Iris 
Iris Introduce Art Fence
Annoying Vicky 
Vicky 
VickyPhoneCall 
Watching Vicky
Shanese Chat
NIEVLIW - Car Driver Window 
NIEVLIW - Car Passenger Window
NIEHDA - Head Nod 
NIEPSB - Wipe Mouth
Swamp Safari Crazy Golf
Salon Patron 
PatronDetterent
3am Club/Party House 
3am Club - Malibu Club 
#3am Club - Ocean View 
#3am Club - Vice Beach Plaza 
3AMPartyHouse Aftermath 
3AMPartyHouse Empty 
3AMPartyHouse GangParty 
3AMPartyHouse HouseParty
Cashier Applauds
Off Duty Cop
DJ Clipse
Overtown High Rise
Gang Directions Crosstown / Getaway Driver - Nervous Thief and Pro Thief / Overtown Safe House
 • Like wise_man mentioned on GTAForums, this may be a hood near Downtown with African-American street gangs. 
 • Maybe like in GTA V where you need to choose your getaway driver based on some levels. 
 • You can also have a safe house in the hood(?)
30
Albany Alpha 
Albany Emperor 
Albany Primo 
Annis Hellion 
Benefactor Schafter LWB 
Bravado Bison 
Bravado Feroci 
Bravado Gauntlet Classic 
Bravado Rumpo Custom 
Bravado Youga 
Bravado Youga Classic 
Brute Boxville 
Brute Camper 
Canis Seminole Frontier 
Declasse Burrito 
Declasse Granger 
Declasse Moonbeam 
Declasse Sabre Turbo 
Declasse Sheriff SUV 
Declasse Tornado 
Dinka Blista Compact 
Dundreary Regina 
Gallivanter Baller 
HVY Mixer 
Imponte DF8-90 
Karin Futo 
Karin Rebel 
Karin Sultan 
Lampadati Novak 
Maibatsu Mule 
Maibatsu Sanchez 
Nagasaki Street Blazer 
Ocelot Locust 
Pegassi Toros 
Vapid Benson 
Vapid Bobcat XL 
Vapid Contender 
Vapid Minivan 
Vapid Police Cruiser 
Vapid Sadler 
Vapid Slamvan 
Vapid Speedo 
Vapid Stanier 
Vulcar Ingot
GTA V Cars
Vehicles
(Subject to Change / V Assets)
31
1.Cadillac Deville D’Elegance 
2.Chrysler Lebaron Wagon (80’) 
3.Toyota Camry 
4.Excavator (Generic) 
5.Metromover (Transit Line in VC) 
6.Hovercraft/Airboat 
There are also 3 new car model names that can be found: 
1.Declasse Mamba GT 
2.Transgressor 
3.Vapid Riata Classic 
 
There is a Sand Car event. Sand Car is an actual off-road vehicle or  
dune buggy that is designed for driving on sand dunes and other sandy terrains.
There is also an ATV event.
Vehicles
New Vehicles (In-Game Name TBD)
32
1.Chevrolet Sonic Hatchback 2019 
2.Buick Skylark Sedans (or Chevrolet Caprice) from 90s 
3.Honda Accord 2018-2022 - Maybe Dinka Hakumai in the game 
4.Ford Explorer (or Tahoe) SUV 90’s or 2000’s - Maybe Vapid Prospector in the game 
5.Ford Ranger Off-Road 2017 - Maybe Vapid Rover in the game 
6.Subaru Forester SUV 2019 - Maybe Karin Arechi in the game 
7.Chrysler Sebring: Sedans - Maybe the Kuruma from GTA III 
8.Ford Taurus: Emergency - Vapid Interceptor 
 
Possibly a Bravado Buffalo STX or a Maserati Gran Turismo 
Vehicles
New Vehicles (In-Game Name TBD)
33
Locations
Vice City
All locations with an underline and colored green were discovered from road signs on the highway.
Washington Beach
On display in the leaks and backed up by inside journalists, the game will feature a plethora  
of locations that focus on Miami and the surrounding areas. The two main locations of the game are  
Vice City, based on Miami, and Port Gellhorn, which lifts direct locations from Panama City. As well  
as this, it seems Rockstar have brought down and featured locations from Georgia, including a Prison  
and mountain ranges not present in real world Florida.
 • Location based on Edgewater
Jack of Hearts nightclub - The same nightclub Jason and Lucia can be seen. It also seems to be a multistory building  
with more than 3 or more floors.
 • North Vice City
Guardia Hideout 
Liquor Store 
Minimart
 • Little Haiti
Drug House - San 4 San Hood 
Gas Station - San 4 San Hood 
Thrift Store - San 4 San Hood
 • South Beach
Pier 
Cordelia Alley 
Shores Alley 
Ocean Drive 
Ocean View 
Boardwalk Hotel 
Kington Hotel 
Happy Juice 
Iguana(?) - Unknown if is actually the name of a location 
Downtown 
Drive 
Gym 
Hotel 
Location based on Collins Ave from South Beach 
 ViceYCity Hotel
 • Key Biscayne
Crandon Park Tennis Stadium
 • Vice Beach
Marina 
Bayside 
Stone Sculpture(?) - This is the name of an event. The sculpture may be inspired by Rainbow Hued  
Mountain (Ugo Rondinore) from Miami Beach.
 • Rockridge (Based on Little Havana)
Bite 
Shorefront - Bank 
Rockridge Neighborhood Service Center - Vice City Neighborhood Enhancement Center 
There is a power plant behind this building. Miami has a Nuclear power plant emitting a lot of smoke but it is located in the Homestead area near the Southern Glades. 
Vice City Mambas Football Stadium 
River (seen on the minimap) - most likely inspired by Miami River, which also passes through Little Havana
34
Locations
Port Gellhorn
Car Wash 
SCHLOTT 
 • It’s seen across the road where Hank’s Waffles is. They appear in GTA V and Online in the form of liveries on certain vehicles but  
   apparently do not have a physical location in the game until now. 
Police Station 
PGH Motel 
Easy Inn - Possible parody of Paradise Inn Motel 
Soccer Field 
Construction Site 
Strip Club [X2] 
Quickshop [Gas Station] 
Warehouse 
Train Station 
Clinic 
Beaches 
Bingo Hall 
Trailer Park 
Wastewater Plant 
Substation 
Abandoned Building 
Basketball Court 
Pawn Shop 
 • The Pawnshop you can see Jason entering is called Joyeria Empenos which is a real pawnshop  
   in Miami. They also have a branch in Puerto Rico. They allow the pawning of guns and vehicles. 
Bowling Alley 
Strip Mall 
Fishing Store 
Wilderness 
Bocamar Bridge 
Residential Area
Yorktown*(Evidence suggests it is north of PGH - Port Gellhorn, but may be part of it if Port Gellhorn is a bigger area of the map)
Ambrosia
Ambrosia Farm 
Ambrosia Tarmac
Sundown
Sundown Beach 
Sundown Turmac
Keys
King Neptune Statue 
Yard Sales 
Gas Stations, Liquor & Convenience Stores 
Boatyard
La Perle*
Laundry 
Pawn Shop
35
(unconfirmed name of town, or just specific building.)
Locations
Redhill*
Construction Site 
Forest w/ River Bend
Hamlet
Off Road Environment
Location based on Homestead
Burger Shot 
Te Invito Restaurant 
LTD Gas Station 
Treasured Trash
Grassrivers [Everglades]
Fracking Location 
Plane Crash 
Capo Romano Domed Houses
Stockyard*
Ekanfinaka
Lake Leonida* (Most likely based on Lake Okeechobee given its position - the fact that the sign indicates towards the north 
part - also what LO in events can mean)
Leonida is likely named after Ponce De Leon, the conquistador who “discovered” florida and by extension mainland North America 
 
Monument of Leonida 
LO Motel 
LO Prison 
LO Racetrack
Returning names from GTA: Vice City
Leaf Links 
Malibu Club 
Washington Beach 
Ocean Beach 
Ocean Drive 
Ocean View 
Little Haiti
Underwater
Underwater Ruins 
Underwater Research Facility 
Whale Graveyard 
 
There are also several references to a "SERA Failed Space Launch", so there is a chance that Cape Canaveral is part of the map. 
Relief
Sugarloaf Mountain 
Domed Hills 
Canyon Etchings 
4 Rivers(?) - There are 4 River events 
In the Hank's Waffles video you can also see some hills in the north. 
And in one of the videos for a moment you can see some mountains in the north part.
36
Locations
Abandoned Places
Abandoned Research Outpost 
Abandoned Carnival 
Abandoned Hotel 
Abandoned Observatory
Buildings, Stores and Houses
Roadside Giant Fish Building 
Starlet Motel 
This motel is also in GTA V. The motel in V can be found in East Vinewood. The landmark it is based on is the “Bates Motel” in Silverlake. 
Squatting Garage 
Standing Garage 
Spaceship House 
Driftwood House 
Holiday House 
Massage Parlor 
Bait and Tackle Shop 
Souvenir Store 
Uncle Jack's Liquor 
Iris Laundry and Iris Restaurant 
Sand Bar Stations 
Apartment Complex 
Bingo Hall 
Body Shop 
Bulk Storage 
Cafe Carraway 
Cash n Carry 
Treasured Trash 
Little Library
Real Life Location Mentions Probably just names put by developers to find the locations much easier.
St. Joseph Marina Water 
 
Fountain of Youth - Maybe it is based on the Fountain of Youth Archeological Park from  
St. Augustine, Florida. In real life it is also speculated to be the oldest attraction of the state. 
 
South, North Miami and Everglades 
 
Bermuda Triangle 
 
Bohemia is also referenced in the Events, implying that Port Gellhorn aside from Panama City is inspired by Penscola too. 
37
Locations
Landmarks and Other Places
Dinosaur World 
Fairyland Forest 
Rose Interstate 
Pet Cemetery - Maybe inspired by Oakland Pet Cemetery from Miami or Pet Heaven Memorial Park from Flagler St., Miami 
Paper Mill Ruins 
Ancient Labyrinth Visitor Center 
Air Station 
Airfield 
Singing Road  
Dairy Farm 
Cave  
Junkyard 
Mine Shaft 
Toxic Floating Trash Island 
Survival Compound 
Hunting Shelters 
Small Camper Spots 
Island Camp 
Sand Pyramids 
Sand Sphinx 
Snipers Nest 
Shooting Death Memorial 
Drug Lab Trailer Park 
Drug Lab Trailer Small 
Drug Lab Apartment 
Wastewater Plant 
Lean Sizzurp Lab 
Backyard Wrestling Ring 
Quarry 
Canyon Etchings 
Lifeguard Tower 
Lighthouse 
Redneck Yacht Club 
Seaview 
Shooting Range 
Chalk Art 
Vice City Monster Sculpture 
Sculpted Shrubbery 
Sofa Tree Swing 
Miami Peacock Statues 
Kraken Sculpture 
The highway in Americas 2022-06-27 14-52-04 is Interstate 95 which is inspired by Interstate 97 from Miami.
38
GTA VI Maps
Current Mapping Build (Speculative Landmass):
*Note: Please take into consideration that the orange borders of the map are 
 completely based on speculation, and it is very possible that they are inaccurate.
39
GTA VI Maps
Confirmed Locations Only (by Fido_le_muet):
40
41
GTA VI Maps
Real World Locations
GTA VI Maps
Real World Locations
Seen in: Americas_1 2022-08-02 20-20-00
In this video, you can also spot a road sign which is pointing to the South, and it's written on it:  
Keys Causeway. In real life in the South there is a highway which is heading to Key  
West called Overseas Highway.
42
GTA VI Maps
Ocean Beach
1. Shore Park Hotel 
2. Edwards Apts / Jenny Hostel 
3. Hotel Breakwater (Boardwalk Hotel in the game) 
4. Hotel Victor(?) 
5. Art Deco Welcome Center 
6. Edison Hotel 
7. 1500 Ocean Drive 
8. Beach Patrol Headquarters 
9. Loews Miami Beach Hotel
43
GTA VI Maps
Edgewater in Real Life
Lucia in the Back of the Night Club (Americas_1 2022-08-19 14-40-45) 
44
1. In the left side you can see a Pawn Shop based on AmeriCash Pawn Shop 
 
In the distance you can see: 
 
1. New Arena Apartments 
2. Quantum on the Bay Condos 
3. 1800 Club Condos 
4. Marina Blue Condo 
5. Miami Marriott Biscayne Bay 
6. Bay Parc Apartments 
7. Opera Tower
GTA VI Maps
Highway Car Crash Test Video (Interstate 97)
Forward in the distance you can see a building based on City View Parking Garage, also far away in  
the right side you can see some locations based on the ones from Miami Beach and Wynwood such as: 
 
1. City View Parking Garage 
2. Central Concrete Supermix 
3. Maison Grande Condos 
4. Ritz-Carlton Bal Harbor 
5. 7969 Bayshore CT Upper East Side 
6. Akoya Condos - Miami Beach 
7. Jane Ocean Condos - Miami Beach 
45
 • The highway is passing over a location based on Wynwood, where is the S4S hood in the game, and you can  
   see in the right side some buildings based on the ones from NW 5^(th) Ave / NW 24^(th) ST, like the ARCHEZ  
   clothing store, which seems to be based on chiffino store. 
 
 • On the road signs you can see one pointing to the north: North Beaches - Lake Leonida and another one pointing  
   to the East: Washington Beach, Ekanfinaka, maybe based on the Okefenokee Swamp. And another one pointing  
   to the West, where it's not very visible, but it may be written: Bellville Ekanfinaka.
GTA VI Maps
Margaret Pace Park
In Americas_1 2021-09-10 16-37-50, you can see Biscayne Bay and the bridge is the Venetian Causeway
46
Seen in: Americas_1 2022-09-01 14-37-21 and Americas_1 2021-09-10 16-37-50
GTA VI Maps
LoanDepot Park (Vice City Mambas)
Miami Airport Station
47
Seen in: Americas_1 2022-09-13 16-32-43
Seen in: Americas 2022-05-13 08-48-26
GTA VI Maps
48
Miami Airport Station
You can see two trains, one based on the Miami Metromover, Vice City Metro Mule, and another one based on  
the Miami International Airport Metromover, Vice City International Airport (VCIA). 
 • On the window you can see a highway, probably the Entry/Exit of the 97 one. 
 
In the distance you can see many buildings like: 
1. Seybold Pointe Condominium 
2. Fortune House Hotel 
3. Mary Brickell Village Tower 
4. Four Seasons 
5. Brickell East Condo 
6. Palace Condominium 
7. Brickell Bayview Center 
8. One Broadway 
9. The Imperial from Brickell
GTA VI Maps
49
1 Jackson Memorial Building 
2. US District Court Clerk 
3. C. C Atkins Courthouse 
4. Stephen P. Clark Government Center 
5. St. John Bosco Church (Little Havana)
Real World Locations
GTA VI Maps
Central Vice City
Seen in the Rockridge videos:  
Americas 2022-04-06 15-55-26, Americas_1 2022-08-02 18-34-23, Americas_1 2022-08-03 12-19-05
Miami Police Department - Little Havana (Vice City Neighborhood Enhancement Team/Rockridge  
Neighborhood Service Center)
We know by the coordinates that the building Jason is standing in front of it while picking an assault rifle,  
seen in Americas_1 2021-09-10 16-37-50 and the apartment bedroom seen in Americas_1 2022-08-23 15-56-16,  
are in the same location. The building itself seems to be based on this on
50
GTA VI Maps
King of Diamonds - Jack of Hearts Nightclub
King of Diamonds went bankrupt in 2019 and reopened at a new location in 2020 by taking over a place  
previously called Babylon. Blue is the old site, much more akin to the leaked footage with ramps.
The logo is also similar to Jack of Hearts's one
51
GTA VI Maps
Solar Amphitheater at Bayfront Park
Seen in: Americas 2021-07-09 15-18-02 
u/KathodeN noticed that there are 4 directly identical palm trees just behind the amphitheater stage on  
the left. This could be Rockstar's reference for the area. 
 
He also noticed that there are two prominent buildings behind the amphitheater
52
GTA VI Maps
Crandon Park Tennis Stadium
53
Seen in: Americas 2022-09-07 13-04-13 
Development Builds 
~2020 - 2019 (estimated) - PDF Screenshot v270.0  
03/03/2021 v400.0.17  
03/23/2021 v404.0.4 
04/15/2021 v409.8.7  
05/18/2021 v414.0 
05/19/2021 v415.0 
05/28/2021 v418.0.11  
06/04/2021 v420.04  
06/22/2021 v423.0 
07/12/2021 v428.0  
09/01/2021 v440.0 
10/29/2021 v456.0.1  
11/05/2021 v457.0.13  
11/23/2021 v462.0 
11/29/2021 v464.0.6  
12/02/2021 v465.0  
12/17/2021 v470.0.7  
01/11/2022 v470.0 (development likely halted during holidays)  
01/20/2022 v474.0.4 
02/07/2022 v479.0 
02/10/2022 v480.0.8  
03/11/2022 v486.0  
03/21/2022 v490.1 
03/23/2022 v491.0 
04/05/2022 v494.0.4  
04/06/2022 v495.0.7 
04/11/2022 - 04/12/2022 v496.0  
04/21/2022 v498.0  
04/27/2022 v501.0.1 
04/28/2022 v501.0.4 
05/03/2022 v502.0 
05/13/2022 v502.1  
05/19/2022 v506.0.8  
05/20/2022 v504.0 (testbed version, likely going back to record a demo for someone rather than a rollback)  
05/25/2022 v508.0.6 
06/08/2022 v510.0.4  
06/14/2022 v510.0 (possibly recording another testbed demo)  
06/27/2022 v515.0  
07/20/2022 v524.0 
07/22/2022 v526.0.11  
08/03/2022 v529.0.6  
08/05/2022 v530.0 
08/08/2022 v531.0.4  
08/11/2022 v528.0 (demonstrating a lighting bug on the airboat.)  
09/06/2022 v541.0.4 
09/07/2022 v541.0.6 
09/12/2022 v542.0  
09/13/2022 v533.0 (vehicle interior modularity demo)
54
PC specs used during recordings
Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-1650 v3 
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 
 
Intel(R) Xeon(R) W-2135 
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 
 
AMD Ryzen Threadripper 3970X 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 SUPER 
 
AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 3975WX 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 SUPER 
 
AMD Ryzen Threadripper 2950X 
NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN X 
 
Intel(R) Xeon(R) W-2135 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 SUPER 
 
Intel(R) Xeon(R) W-2135 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 SUPER 
 
AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 3955WX 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3080 
 
Intel(R) Core(TM) i9-10980XE 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 SUPER 
 
AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 3955WX 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 SUPER 
 
AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 3975WX 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3060 Ti 
 
AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 3955WX 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3060 Ti 
 
AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 3975WX 
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3080 
55
State of the Game?
The game is most likely in a polishing and debugging phase
In the clips with their date on 12 and 13 September 2022  
(Americas_1 2022-09-13,  Americas_1 2022-09-12), you can check the tag of the videos  
and you can see the name of the exe running: game_win64_bankrelease.exe 
By doing so with other clips you can see that there are videos running on game_win64_beta.exe  
and one running on game_win64_debug.exe
“Bankrelease” is a debug build that aims at being “feature complete,” while beta adds on extra  
functionality and aims for being “content complete.” 
 
If you’re unfamiliar with those terms, Feature Complete essentially means that the game has full  
UI functionality and the core gameplay features are all there and playable. Content Complete  
means that all of the game’s content is now there and playable, but it may be visually unrefined  
and have a lot of bugs or glitches present. From a Content Complete state, the dev team would  
generally launch into a “polishing” phase, which can take wildly different amounts of time  
depending on the size of the game and the work that needs to be done to bring  
it up to a standard. 
 
To compare it with other similar situations in game development, in June 2022 it was  
announced that Final Fantasy XVI was “content complete” and the team was focusing on  
polishing and debugging. And the game comes out on June 22, 2023. 
56
From the metadata
The Python Leak
This code was leaked alongside the game’s footage on September 18th 2022, but goes unnoticed  
most of the time. It is a python code which is related to the menu, and not the game’s code. It suggests  
that one of the main color schemes for GTA VI might be purple and white, specifically the menu.  
 
 
“#americas is purple background with white text” 
 
The hex color for the purple is #800080, which appears like this. 
57
Thank you for reading!
